the book of Hosea the word of the Lord
that came to Hosea the son of B Eli in
the days of Isaiah jotham ahaz and
hezekiah
kings of Judah and in the days of
Jeroboam the son of joash king of Israel
when the Lord began to speak by Hosea
the Lord said to Hosea go take yourself
a wife of harlotry and children of
harlotry for the land has committed
great harlotry by departing from the
Lord so he went and took Gomer the
daughter of Dibley and she conceived and
bore him a son then the Lord said to him
call his name Jezreel for in a little
while I will avenge the bloodshed of
Jezreel on the house of G hew and bring
an end to the kingdom of the house of
Israel it shall come to pass in that day
that I will break the bow of Israel in
the valley of Jezreel and she conceived
again and bore a daughter then God said
to him call her name LaRue Hamel for I
will no longer have mercy on the house
of Israel but I will utterly take them
away
yet I will have mercy on the house of
Judah we'll save them by the Lord their
God and will not save them by beau nor
by sword or battle by horses or horsemen
now when she had weaned lo-ruhamah she
conceived and bore a son then God said
call his name lo am I for you are not my
people and I will not be your God yet
the number of the children of Israel
shall be as the sand of the sea which
cannot be measured or numbered and it
shall come to pass in the place where it
was said to them you are not my people
there it shall be said to them you are
sons of the Living God
then the children of Judah and the
children of Israel shall be gathered
together and appoint for themselves one
head and they shall come up out of the
land for great will be the day of
Jezreel
[Music]
you